 I'm going to skip past the part where I say "thank you, Director Mulvaney." (Laughter.) As the Director will say, the President’s budget blueprint keeps his promise to put America's security first, turning his words directly into policies that restore respect for our citizens’ hard-earned tax dollars. There were some additional non-events -- non-budget events of the day. This morning, the President had a bilateral meeting with Taoiseach Kenny of Ireland. Our two nations have a long history, common values, and important economic ties. The President was honored to host him here in the Oval Office and recommit to strong social, political, and economic relations between the U.S. and Ireland. This afternoon, the President made the remarks at the Friends of Ireland Luncheon at the Capitol. This traditional lunch celebrating America’s bipartisan commitment to peace and security in Ireland was started in 1983 by President Reagan and Speaker O’Neill -- both proud Irish Americans -- and has been attended by every President, Speaker, and Taoiseach of Ireland since then. And also, while at the Capitol this afternoon, right around now, the Vice President is swearing in former Senator Dan Coats as the next Director of National Intelligence in his ceremonial office. Former Senator Coats has clearly demonstrated the deep subject -- the subject matter expertise and sound judgment required to lead our intelligence community, and the President is finally glad have him on board as part of him team. Later this evening, the President, along with Taoiseach Kenny, will attend the St. Patrick’s Day Reception and participate in the annual Shamrock Ceremony. Since 1952, the President has invited the Taoiseach to come to the White House in celebration of St. Patrick’s Day, where they present a bowl of shamrocks as a symbol of the profound and lasting relationship between the two countries. The President and Taoiseach Kenny will also make remarks. I have a few more notes before I get to Director Mulvaney. First, I wanted to share with you guys -- it's a letter that should be going out shortly, if it hasn’t already, that the President signed this morning, wishing Ray Chavez, the oldest living survivor of Pearl Harbor, a happy 105th birthday. Our nation owes Mr. Chavez’s generation -- a Great Generation -- a debt of gratitude for an extraordinary legacy of liberty and freedom around the world, fighting to ensure security and prosperity for millions. A copy of the letter will be sent out, if it hasn’t already. And obviously, we all extend our warm wishes to Ray and his family and they celebrate his 105th. And the President signed the letter wishing that he hopes to have several more birthdays to come. This afternoon, the President announced his intent to nominate several individuals to key posts at the Department of Defense: Robert Daigle as Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation; Elaine McCusker as Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense; David Norquist as Under Secretary of Defense and Comptroller; Kenneth Rapuano as Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Global Security; Patrick Shanahan as Deputy Secretary of Defense; and David Joel Trachtenberg as Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy. The President is glad to have these extremely qualified men and women on board to assist Secretary Mattis as he undertakes the great rebuilding of our nation’s military. Also this afternoon, the President declared a major disaster in the State of California and ordered federal assistance to supplement state, tribal, and local recovery efforts in the areas affected by severe winter storms, flooding, and mudslides this January. We also announced this afternoon that Second Lady Karen Pence will lead the Presidential Delegation to the 2017 Special Olympics World Winter Games in Austria. The House Budget Committee met earlier this morning and approved the American Health Care Act, making it now the third committee to move the AHCA forward. We’re working hand in glove with the House to consider improvements, and we’re confident that this thoughtful and thorough process will lead to legislation that reforms our healthcare, making it affordable and accessible to every American. Since we won’t have a chance to meet tomorrow in light of the President and Chancellor Merkel's press conference, I wanted to quickly walk you through a couple of events on the President's schedule. Tomorrow, of course, the President will welcome German Chancellor Merkel here to the White House, a rescheduling from the snow, inclement weather that prevented that from happening the other day. The President and the Chancellor will have a series of meetings and then will host a roundtable focusing on the importance of vocational training with both American and German business leaders. They will also have a press conference in the afternoon. We’ll have details on the entire day later this afternoon. Also tomorrow, the President will attend a listening session with Veterans Affairs and VA Secretary Shulkin and representatives from the various Veterans Service Organizations. It's incredibly important to the President that we reform the VA system so that it can fulfill the promises made to the men and women who risked their lives for our nation. He looks forward to discussing potential changes that can help improve the Veterans Administration. On Monday, the President will meet with Bill Gates, the cofounder of Microsoft. He'll also have lunch with the Vice President and a meeting with the Secretary of State. Later that afternoon, the President will welcome Prime Minister Abadi of Iraq to the White House. And on Wednesday, the President has invited all 49 members of the Congressional Black Caucus to come to the White House for a meeting. The President looks forward to welcoming [them] for what he hopes will be a productive discussion. And I also want to remind everyone that -- I did yesterday, via Twitter -- that the lottery for the 139th Annual White House Easter Egg Roll is open until Saturday -- this coming Saturday. Everyone who is interested in attending can go to Recreation.gov. Further information is at WhiteHouse.gov for details. At his rally last night, the President addressed the decision by the federal district court in Hawaii to block his lawful executive order. As the President said last night, “The law and the Constitution give the President the power to suspend immigration when he deems it to be necessary in the national interest...” The Court didn't even bother to quote the relevant statute in its opinion, which could have plainly shown that the President clearly has this authority. I know you’ve heard it before, but since the Court didn’t, let me quote it again for you. 8 U.S. Code 1182 states: “Whenever the President finds [that] the entry of any aliens or of any class of aliens into the United States would be detrimental to the interests of the United States, he may by proclamation, and for such period as he [shall] deem necessary, suspend the entry of all aliens or any class of aliens as immigrants or nonimmigrants, or impose on the entry of aliens any restrictions he may deem [to be] appropriate.” The Department of Justice said in a statement that they “strongly disagree[s] with the federal district court’s ruling, which is flawed both in reasoning and [in] scope.” DOJ continued, “The President’s executive order falls squarely within his lawful authority in seeking to protect our nation’s security, and the Department will continue to defend this executive order in the courts.” The Department is exploring all available options to vigorously defend this executive order. We intend to appeal the flawed rulings. Currently, the Department of Justice is determining the legal strategy and timing. We expect action to be taken soon to appeal the ruling in the 4th Circuit and to seek clarification of the order prior to appeal in the 9th Circuit. The danger is real, and the law is clear. The President was elected to change our broken immigration system, and he will continue to exercise his constitutional authority and presidential responsibility to protect our nation. And just before I get to your questions, and then before we’ll introduce Director Mulvaney, I just wanted to follow up on a couple of questions that have come up recently. Jon Decker asked multiple times on the enforcement of the President’s executive order to restrict lobbying activities of executive branch employees, which includes a five-year ban on lobbying agencies where you've served and a lifetime ban on lobbying from foreign governments. I said I’d get back to Jon, so here we go. The executive order itself has a section, Section 5, which focuses on enforcement. The order outlines that each agency head is tasked with working with the Office of Government Ethics to establish procedures for determining potential violations of the ethics pledge. Should a violation be determined, the executive order authorizes the Department of Justice to enforce the order through several mechanisms: debarment proceedings -- these would restrict an individual or his or her associated entities from doing business with the federal government; seeking an injunction, such as a restraining order from lobbying for 10 years -- the five years in the ethics agreement plus an additional five years; or civil penalties such as a fine commensurate with the nature of the violation. The President fully expects the Department of Justice to vigorously enforce this executive order. Also yesterday several of you asked where the House is in regard to additional legislation as outlined in the third prong of the AHCA and the President’s plan to reform healthcare. I’m pleased to note that last night Leader McCarthy in the House introduced four pieces of legislation that will remove burdensome regulations, lower costs, and increase access as we've noted: the Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act, H.R. 372, which eliminates anti-trust protection for an insurance provider, creating competition so that Americans are not left with just one choice for healthcare coverage; the Small Business Health Fairness Act, H.R. 1101, which allows small businesses to band together and negotiate lower prices; the Protecting Access to Care Act, H.R. 1215, which limits frivolous lawsuits that unnecessarily drive up healthcare costs; and the Self-Insurance Protection Act, H.R. 1304, which protects workers who get their healthcare coverage from employers that self-insure by providing a backstop on catastrophic losses. And finally, in terms of following up from yesterday, in regard to the DOJ’s indictments of Russian hackers on Yahoo data, this action demonstrates the United States’ commitment to identifying cyber criminals and bringing them to justice, no matter where they are. It also highlights the criminal importance of international cooperation to our cyber regime. And like I said, yesterday, though this is a lawful enforcement action, anything beyond that, I would direct you to the Department of Justice and the FBI for further details. Before I continue, let me turn it over to Director Mulvaney to talk a little bit about the budget. Director? We're seeing increases at the VA, increases within the Department of Justice for law enforcement, increases within the Department of Homeland Security for things that include border security and immigration controls. Immigration is within -- excuse me -- increases within the Department of Energy to deal with a nuclear triad. And then corresponding reductions in similar amounts offsetting dollar for dollar in other programs. The largest reduction if you've seen the budget already is a 31 percent reduction within the Environmental Protection Agency. The next largest reduction on a percentage basis is within Department of State; and the other departments are reduced in lesser amounts. I think the smallest reduction we have is NASA, which is just less than 1 percent. But there again, as with many of the agencies, you’ll see certain line items within those budgets plussed up. This is the message the President wanted to send to the public, to the press, to Capitol Hill: he wants more money for defense; more money for border enforcement; more money for law enforcement generally; more money for the vets; more money for school choice. And then to offset that money with savings elsewhere so that all of that is done without an additional dollar added to the deficit. As I’ve mentioned before, the budget does not balance the budget. This budget simply reallocates and reprioritizes spending as any family or business would do. This budget does not -- for those of you who were not here last week -- this budget does not address the big-picture items such as policy changes, revenue flows, tax policy, mandatory spending. This is simply the topline spending budget. That's why we call it the budget blueprint, and not the full budget. That full budget, which will contain all the rest of those pieces and parts, will be released in May. Before I take questions, I’m going to do something I don’t ordinarily do -- I’m sure it’s kind of new -- I’m going to call on the New York Times because they’re in trouble. Apparently, is there a -- where’s my New York Times guy? Matt Flegenheimer and Alan Rappeport -- okay, are in big trouble. I’ll give you the first question but you have to deliver this message to them. They printed this morning that I am the father of 17-year-old triplet girls. My 17-year-old daughter really wishes that were happy -- really wishes that had happened, but my two 17-year-old sons are upset. (Laughter.) So if you could clarify that, that would be great. And I’ll give you the first questions, if you’ve got one. So go ahead. We will start to address the issues of the longer-term deficit, longer-term debt in that larger budget. And of course we’ll have to deal at that time with things like mandatory spending, tax policy, revenue flows to the government. So again, it’s a fair question, I just don’t think now is the time to ask the question. The President believes in diplomacy, and we believe that this budget protects that core function of the State Department. It just so happens that much of the foreign aid that the President talked about in campaign -- much of the money that goes to climate research, green energy, those types of things -- are actually in the State Department budget. If those line items had been in the Department of Commerce, you would see Department of Commerce having gone down by a similarly large percentage. So the answer to your question is that most of the cuts within the State Department try to focus directly on foreign aid. Yes, sir. So even though the overall topline number at NASA is reduced by a small fraction -- I think it’s 0.8 percent, as you mentioned -- individual line items that deal with specifically space exploration are actually plussed up. And part of the intent there is to promote exactly what you just talked about. Yes, sir. And secondly, to take your point about the President’s words on the campaign, those of us who traveled around with him remember -- he said he didn’t want to touch Social Security, Medicare, the big entitlements. The fact that that’s not in this budget, is that a signal that those programs are going to remain untouched? And as the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget said, that ignores 70 percent of spending and 90 percent of its growth over the next decade. This is the discretionary part of the budget, half of which, as you know, is defense, and the other half is everything else, the alphabet soup of government. So just because it’s not here doesn’t mean we’re dodging the issue. You would never see in any budget blueprint that deals with the topline spending numbers Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. To your other question about it not being popular on the Hill -- yeah, I can recognize that. I’ve been on the Hill enough to know that some of these would be very unpopular. Keep in mind the President is in a unique position. I’ve been a member of Congress, I represented 700,000 people in South Carolina. I had my constituency. It was a district. Senators represent an entire state. We’re always dealing with special interests from back home, we’re dealing with lobbyists from back home. The President is beholden to none of that. The President has drafted a budget for the entire nation because that’s who he sees himself as representing. He did not ask lobbyists for input on this, he did not ask special interests for input on this, and he certainly didn’t focus on how these programs might impact a specific congressional district. But we knew that going into it. And again, the message we’re sending to the Hill is we want more money for the things the President talked about, defense being the top one, national security, and we don’t want to add to the budget deficit. If Congress has another way to do that we’re happy to talk to them about it. Yes, sir, in the glasses. Yes, ma’am. So we have sent them $18 billion worth of proposed reductions for 2017, but not all of them are offset. Yes, ma’am. As to specific vetoes, you and I both know it doesn’t come over one by one, line item by line item doesn’t come over. They come over in large appropriations bills. And we'll work with Congress to go through the appropriations process and we'll make determinations on whether or not to sign appropriations bills or veto them at the appropriate time. Yes, sir. And, yeah, the message is that's not the right way to do it. In fact, we think that's the wrong way to do it. You heard the President talk specifically on the campaign trail about at least 5 percent reductions for unauthorized programs, and that's what generated this budget. And as we did that, what we realized was we are working on a large infrastructure program that we hope to roll out this summer. And what Secretary Carson wants to do is take the money for the infrastructure that's in HUD right now -- and not very well run -- and move that into this larger program. In fact, you’ll see the same line items -- or similar line items at the Department of Transportation for the same reason. These do not mean the President is changing his commitment to infrastructure. Again, far from it. What we're saying is, look, for years and years we have built infrastructure like this and it doesn’t work very well -- Here’s what I can tell you about CDBGs because that's what we fund -- right? -- is that we spend $150 billion on those programs since the 1970s. The CDBGs have been identified as programs since I believe the first -- actually, the second Bush administration as ones that were just not showing any results. We can't do that anymore. We can't spend money on programs just because they sound good. And Meals on Wheels sounds great -- again, that's a state decision to fund that particular portion to. But to take the federal money and give it to the states and say, look, we want to give you money for programs that don't work -- I can't defend that anymore. We cannot defend that anymore. We're $20 trillion in debt. We're going to spend money, we're going to spend a lot of money, but we're not going to spend it on programs that cannot show that they actually deliver the promises that we've made to people. Yes, sir. Yes, ma’am. As to the source of funds, that's up to the President and the Treasury and the State Department. I'm the folks -- we're the guys at OMB and the gals at OMB who take the money that we have and allocate it in a budgetary process. So it's up to somebody else to figure out where the money comes from. Yes, sir. I'll give you a follow-up because I didn’t answer your first question very well. So you're making an assumption that I'm not willing to make. You're making an assumption that all that infrastructure that we provide for later on in the year is going to go to the deficit, and I'm not willing to make that assumption. Yes, sir. The gentleman in the back had a question. To your question, though -- because this came up the other day -- which is the hard power versus soft power. There is a very deliberate attempt here to send a message to our allies and our friends, such as India, and our adversaries with other countries, shall we say, which is that this is hard-power budget, that this administration tends to change course from a soft-power budget to a hard-power budget, and that's a message that our adversaries and our allies alike should take. I'll take one more, because I'm sort of running down. Yes, ma'am. Again, this comes back to the President's business person view of government, which is if you took over this as a CEO, and you’d look at this on a spreadsheet and go, why do we have all of these facilities -- why do we have seven when we can do the same job with three, won't that save money? And the answer is, yes. So part of your answer is focusing on efficiencies and focusing on doing what we do better. Regarding the question as to climate change, I think the President was fairly straightforward -- we're not spending money on that anymore; we consider that to be a waste of your money to go out and do that. So that is a specific tie to his campaign. That's what he said when he said the President’s communications could have been swept up in collection. So again -- You chose not to cover when Tom Cotton went out, when Richard Burr went out, when others -- Chairmen Nunes and others -- and said that there was no -- hold on -- Because at the end of the day when -- When he came out yesterday and said, “I see no evidence that this happened”; when he said, “I think it’s very possible, but like I said, we should know later,” you don't cover that part. You only cover the parts that -- but let’s go through what we do know. Okay? If you look at what The New York Times reported on January 12th, 2017, they said, “In its final days, the Obama administration has expanded the power of the National Security Agency to share globally intercepted personal communications with the government’s 16 other intelligence agencies before applying privacy protections. The new rules significantly relax longstanding limits on what the NSA may do with the information gathered by its most powerful surveillance operation, which are largely unregulated by wiretapping laws.” When Sara Carter reported that "by the start of the new year, it brought with it unexpected politicizing of the intelligence gathered in secret. Separately, the Obama administration amended a longstanding executive order, allowing information intercepted through FISA warrants or by the National Security Agency to be shared by a wider audience and 16 government agencies as Obama was leave office, intelligence normally reserved for just a handful of intelligence leaders was spread throughout briefings to scores of workers, and soon leaks began appearing in news media office organizations, often in stories lacking context of how national security investigations are actually concluded." On March 3rd, Fox News chief anchor Bret Baier said that the following: "There was a report in June 2016 -- a FISA request by the Obama administration -- Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court -- to monitor communications involving Donald Trump and several other campaign officials. Then they got turned down. Then in October, then they renewed it and did a startup wiretap at Trump Tower with some computer and Russian banks." Baier continues, “A June FISA request that foreign intelligence surveillance courts gets shot down. A judge says” -- hold -- Jonathan, I’m going to -- you can ask -- you can follow up -- “A judge says no-go to monitoring Trump Tower. They go back in October. They do get a FISA granted. This is wiretap going on and a monitoring of computers that have some ties, they believe, to Russian accounts. By all accounts, they don’t come up with anything in the investigation, but the investigation continues and we don’t know it. On November 11th, 2016, days after the election, Heat Street reported, “Two separate sources with links to the counter-intelligence community had confirmed to Heat Street that the FBI sought and was granted a FISA warrant in October, giving counter-surveillance intelligence permission to examine the activities of U.S. persons in Donald Trump’s campaign with ties to Russia. The first request, which sources say named Trump, was denied back in June. But the second was drawn more narrowly and granted in October after evidence was presented of a server, possibly related to the Trump campaign and its alleged links to two banks -- SVB bank and Russia’s Alfa-Bank. Sources suggest that a FISA warrant was granted to look at the full context of related documents that concern U.S. persons. Two separate sources with links to the counter-intelligence community have confirmed that the FBI sought and was granted a FISA warrant in October giving counter-intelligence permission to examine the activity of U.S. persons in Donald Trump’s campaign with ties to Russia.” They go on: “The FISA warrant was granted in connection with investigation of suspected activities between the server and two banks. However, it is thought that the intelligence community that the warrant covers any U.S. person connected to this U.N. investigation, and thus covers Donald Trump and at least three further men who have either formed part of his campaign or acted as media surrogates.” On January 19th, the New York Times reported the following: “American law enforcement and intelligence agencies are examining intercepted communication and financial transactions as part of a broad investigation of possible links between Russian officials and associates of President-elect Donald J. Trump. One official said intelligence reports based on some of the wiretapped communications have been provided to the White House. It is unclear which Russian officials under investigation or what particular conversations caught the attention of American eavesdroppers. The legal standard for opening these investigations is low. Andy McCarthy, writing in National Review, suggested: “From three reports, from the Guardian, Heat Street and the New York Times, it appears the FBI has concerns about a private server in Trump Tower that was connected to one or two Russian banks. Heat Street describes these concerns as centering on “possible financial and banking offenses.” This is his quote -- “I italicized the word “offenses” because it denotes crimes. Ordinarily, when crimes are suspected, there is a criminal investigation, not a national security investigation.” We go on. Sara Carter from Circa, reporting, “Intelligence professionals tell Circa News they were concerned that some of the Russian intelligence was spread through group briefings to a much-larger-than-usual audience back in January. This would have happened during the final days of the Obama administration when it expanded executive order 12333, which allows employees with a “need to know” have further unfettered access to raw data stowed by the NSA. The new rules allowed the NSA to share “raw signals intelligence information, including the names of those involved in phone conversations and emails. The expansion of the order makes it difficult to narrow in on the leaks and, frankly, it allows too many people access to the raw data, which only used to be available to a select few, said a U.S. official who spoke on the condition of anonymity and was not granted to speak on the authority. Numerous outlets, including the New York Times, have reported on the FBI investigation into Mr. Trump’s advisors; BBC, and then McClatchy revealed the existence of a multi-agency working group to coordinate investigations across the thing. On February 14th, the New York Times again refers to phone record and intercepted calls -- let me quote them -- “American law enforcement intelligence agency intercepted the communications around the same times they were discovering the evidence that Russia was trying to disrupt the presidential election by hacking into the Democratic National Committee, three officials said. The intelligence agencies then thought to learn whether the Trump campaign was colluding with the Russians on hacking or other efforts to influence the election. The officials interviewed in recent weeks said that so far they have seen no evidence of such cooperation. The official said that the intercepted communications are not limited to Trump campaign officials and other associates of Mr. Trump. The call logs and intercepted communications are part of a larger trove of information that the FBI is sifting through. Days later, the New York Times then reports, “In the Obama administration’s last days, some White House officials scrambled to spread information about Russian efforts to undermine the presidential election of Donald Trump, connections between the President-elect and Russians across the government. But the increasingly hard-to-escape conclusion that in our government -- that individuals in our government were instead trying to undermine the new President by saying, quote -- this is the New York Times again -- “At intelligence agencies, there was a push to process as much raw intelligence in a possible analysis to keep the report at relatively low classification levels to ensure a widespread readership across the government. And in some cases, “among them, European allies.” This allowed the upload of as much information -- intelligence as possible to Intellipedia, a secret Wiki used by American analysts to share information. Sean Hannity went on Fox to say, “But protections which are known as minimization procedures have been put in place to protect Americans that are not under warrant, American citizens that are caught up in their surveillance.” And, “By the way, their identities are protected. Their constitutional rights are protected. Now, of course, this was not the case with Lieutenant General Flynn, because a transcript of his call was created and then given to intelligence officials who then leaked this information, which is a felony, to the press that printed it.” Last, on Fox News on March 14th, Judge Andrew Napolitano made the following statement. “Three intelligence sources have informed Fox News that President Obama went outside the chain of command. He didn’t use the NSA, he didn’t use the CIA, he didn’t use the FBI, and he didn’t use the Department of Justice. He used GCHQ, what is that? It’s the initials for the British Intelligence Spying Agency. So simply, by having two people saying to them, ‘the President needs transcripts of conversations involved in candidate Trump’s conversations involving President-elect Trump,’ he was able to get it and there’s no American fingerprints on this.” Putting the published accounts and common sense together, this leads to a lot. But I’ve just read off to you -- it’s interesting, when the New York Times reports -- The bottom line is, is that the President said last night that he will be -- that there will be additional information coming forward. There’s a ton of media reports out there that indicate that something was going on during the 26 [2016] election. And I think it’s interesting, where was the question of the New York Times or these other outlets when that was going on? Where was the question -- Jim. The bottom line is, is that the investigation by the House and the Senate has not been provided all of the information. And when it does -- And I think when you actually ask those two people whether or not -- and as Chairman Nunes said yesterday, when you take it literally and -- wiretapping, the President has already been very clear that he didn’t mean specifically wiretapping. He had it in quotes. So I think to fall back on that is a false premise. That’s not what he said. He was very clear about that when he talked about it yesterday. Major. That’s what we’re doing, in order to make sure that there is a separation from us so that you can’t turn around and then accuse us of forcing or pressuring an agency to produce a document. We’re asking them to go through the process of the separation of powers, and actually going to those different entities. The Department of Justice said, yesterday, that they want an additional week, and we’re allowing that process to play through. Got it? Abby. Alexis. We tailored that additional -- that second executive order to comply with the judge’s order. I think -- so to go back now and to say, well, based on how the first order was conceived makes absolutely no sense. But I’m going to let the Department of Justice litigate that, how they do it. The second order literally was tailored to the concerns that were rendered by the 9th Circuit in the first executive order. So for them to then turn around the make arguments that are non-germane seems kind of odd. But I’ll let the Department of Justice do that. Zeke. As I mentioned to Gabi, the second executive order was literally tailored. So to go back and talk about statements that occurred, in some cases, well before even the first one, seems to not be an accurate reading of the law. But I’ll let the Department of Justice be the ones that argue this and make the appropriate legal argument. Hunter. Olivier, I’m sorry. Olivier. Blake. But eliminating a $20 trillion debt and tackling the current deficit is something that's going to take a little bit of time and something that the President is committed to reducing. I think we've talked very extensively about the President’s commitment to protecting taxpayer dollars and using them more efficiently. This budget and a lot of the action the President took on other projects, including the F18 and the next generation of AF1, show that the President is committed on a very, very personal basis to getting involved in programs and policies to reduce the deficit and respect taxpayer money. So this is step one, and it's a down payment on that goal. But again, I think this budget is a huge down payment on the President’s goal of showing his commitment to fiscal responsibility and respecting the taxpayer. Eamon. John. Kaitlan. And I go to Bryan Crabtree of Salem Radio, Georgia. On the second, Donald Trump is not one to be led down a path by anyone. I think he is -- he talked today at the lunch with the Taoiseach and Speaker Ryan that he’s working hand-in-glove with the Speaker. He talked about it last night. This is a commitment that he has to enacting healthcare. This is a process that he is committed to, wants to see through because of a goal that he wants to achieve, which is making a more patient-centric healthcare system that lowers the cost and increases the options. But he doesn’t get led down any path. He leads very clearly. And I think if you listen to Speaker Ryan today, he’s in agreement that there’s been a strong partnership between the House, the administration and I think the Senate so far to make sure that we get this bill done. And that's what our goal is going to be, and that's -- so I would argue that we've actually done a pretty good job of getting that done. Jonathan. But to assume that because you spend a ton of dollars you’re going to get a better outcome, I mean, with all due respect, you look at the District of Columbia, they spend by far more per capita than any other city in the country on education, and I think they have tremendous issues that are constantly being dealt with in their education system. So to assume that just because you throw money at a problem it’s somehow magically solved is a very Washington way of looking at a budget problem. But that is a very Washington way of looking at a problem, when you say, let’s just look at how much we spend as a measure of how much we care or how much we’re going to get done. And I think that the President has been very clear as to what his priorities on this budget are and the outcomes that we expect from every dollar that we spend. So for being in office for 55 days, or 50-some-odd days, whatever it’s been, we’ve had a unique ability to go forward so far and make a very strong commitment to enhancing our national security, to protect the country and to keep America safe and its citizens safe, while at the same time making sure that we don’t ask for people to work harder, to spend more to Washington -- send more to Washington that gets ultimately wasted. I just don’t see how that’s showing respect to the American people or to the American taxpayer, especially when so many people are working two, sometimes three jobs, or both parents are working just to get by, pay the mortgage, and we’re saying, hey, don’t worry, keep sending more money to Washington -- and we’re not going to take the time. But there should be a review of all these agencies. Director Mulvaney was pointing out how many unauthorized agencies and departments and programs we have throughout the government. If we’re going to do that, at some point there should be a debate on whether or not these agencies and programs are achieving their mission. And if they are then great, fund them. But if they’re not, we shouldn’t be asking hardworking American taxpayers to send more money to Washington to fund things that don’t further those goals. Thank you guys very much. I look forward to seeing you all tomorrow. Take care. Have a good one. 
