 I hope you guys had a great visit. I'm going to try to keep this short, obviously. We've got a short flight time home. This morning, the President was glad to see Ben Carson confirmed as the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, and former governor of Texas confirmed as the Secretary of Energy. He looks forward to working with them to enact his bold agenda. The Secretaries will be sworn in this evening -- Secretary Carson at 5:00 p.m. and then Secretary Perry at 5:30 p.m. The President was honored to visit our next aircraft carrier of the United States Navy, the Gerald R. Ford, today. As he emphasized on the campaign trail and again Tuesday in his address, expansion of the United States Armed Forces is a major priority for him, and the naval fleet is a significant portion of that. Expanding our current fleet of ships requires a collaborative partnership between the military and industry leaders to ensure maximum efficiency for taxpayers. The Navy is a vital part of the President's strategy to defeat terrorism with aircraft carriers, especially important in areas where we don't have a base, from which to launch missions, project power and protect American interest. Hand-in-hand with military leaders and the shipbuilding community, the Trump administration will continue to build extraordinary crafts like the Gerald R. Ford, protect taxpayer dollars, and support the jobs the shipbuilding industry provides, and, most importantly, keep our nation safe. While onboard today, the President received a briefing from military leaders. He then took a tour of the ship, after which he gave remarks on the hangar bay to several thousand workers and crew members and shipyard workers, which I think you all saw. The Vice President was in Ohio this afternoon with Secretary Price to discuss the President's economic agenda and especially repealing and replacing the Obamacare disaster. The Vice President then participated in a listening session with small business owners and a tour of Frame USA, an American-owned and operated small business, and delivered remarks at Frame USA. With that, you have a couple questions before we -- No, I think the senator's comments were clearly with respect to his -- he was asked about his role as a surrogate and whether he understood the campaign -- whether the campaign had contacts, and he said no. It was in his -- I think clearly with respect to his role as a campaign surrogate. No. I think that the President -- you guys got that question answered from him directly. I know the Attorney General is going to speak very shortly, so let's just -- I'll leave it at that. But I think the President made his views clear with you guys just a short time ago. Well, obviously -- I mean, I'll let the Attorney General speak for himself. But I think that clearly if you listen to what he was responding to, he's clearly referring to his role as a campaign surrogate. That's what the question was about. And I think there's no -- We're moments away from him addressing this. And it was really silly for me to try to talk about what he may or may not think. But I think most people -- almost a clear -- I don't think there's very few other ways to read it when you look at the transcript and see the back and forth that he was clearly referring to himself. He was very -- he was clear in referring to himself as a campaign surrogate and believed that that's what the question was about. But I will let -- I mean, we're literally moments away from him addressing this, and I think the President made his view clear. Forthcoming about what? I mean, he's a United States -- Wait, hold on, he's a United States senator who speaks to countless -- I mean, that's -- I mean, he was a campaign surrogate and gave the candidate at that time some ideas and advice in very important -- he had the value -- the President values his opinion tremendously, as you can tell by the fact that he wanted him in his Cabinet. But the fact of the matter is, how can you do something -- I mean, he was literally conducting himself as a United States senator. But hold on, and let's be clear, you look at all these other senators who have had contact, and this is what senators do in the course of conducting themselves in their job. And as you've seen, whether it's some of these folks that initially came out of the gate and said that they had never done it, the list gets larger and larger. Again, I’m going to let him answer it, but I think that it was pretty clear. The question was about the campaign, and I think the -- literally, correct me if I’m wrong, I don’t have the question in front of me, but I think something to the effect of the campaign comments regarding the election of -- the 2016 election. So if you haven’t had anything then there’s nothing -- I mean, again -- I would suggest to you that I think it’s interesting that a lot of these guys -- this continues to seem to be much more of a partisan thing that we’ve seen over and over again. As I think I’ve mentioned from the -- this continues to be a question of there’s no there there. And it’s the same over and over and over. It’s not that I don’t think -- I know who he is. I know it’s -- but I’m just suggesting that I think the point is that -- again, I’m going to let the Attorney General speak for himself, but the bottom line is, is that for six months now we’ve heard the same thing over and over again, unnamed sources talking about nebulous, unnamed things, and keep having to say the same thing. At some point, you have to ask yourself where the “there” is. Again, I’ve made this very clear to you guys. I’ll say again what I’ve said before. I’m not -- and when the President has made a decision about something that he’s ready for us to announce, we’ll announce it, but we’re not there yet. But again, I think that the -- I think that we continue to have a guiding principle doing what’s right to keep the nation safe, and he’s doing everything he can to consult with agencies and departments and key stakeholders. I’m going to tell you that there’s nothing that has changed from what I’ve said in the past. What are you talking about? Again, I think that the question goes back to what -- he didn’t -- he was in the course of his Senate duties, did what senators do. There’s no discussion -- there’s nothing that would lead anyone to believe that he didn’t do anything that was part of his job. I don’t know. But, I mean, there’s nothing -- it was in his Senate office. There were Senate aides, from what I understand, conducting Senate business. What pertinent information? But he probably met with countless other ambassadors. And I think -- again, he probably met with countless other associations and constituents and -- I don’t -- I guess my question is, why would we want to know everything that he did in conducting himself on behalf of the people of Alabama? Learning about -- but here’s my question: Learning about what? The fact of the matter is, if we’re learning about the fact that he did his job as a United States senator, then that’s great. I don’t think there has been anything that I’m aware of at this time that suggests anything other than he did his job as a United States senator as, frankly, many of these other senators have now said, well, I met with this ambassador, or another ambassador. I mean, that’s what senators do. That's a pro-forma, standard operating procedure that -- and I think, frankly, it shows how serious we take this subject. Why not? I mean, I think -- I’m not -- I mean, again, I think -- I’m not going to -- look, I’m just going to say that the Attorney General is going to make a statement very shortly, and I’ll let that stand for itself. We’re going to go down. Thank you, guys. On what? No, I -- when we land I can maybe get something. Thanks, guys. 
